# PSG
Constructing Page Semantic Graphs Using LLMs to Facilitate Analyzing and Understanding Mobile Apps
=======
Constructing Page Semantic Graphs Using LLMs to Facilitate Analyzing and Understanding Mobile Apps. Our code consists of the following two main parts.

## Building PSG
The construction of PSG consists of three phases:
* **Page Information Extraction** : We identify all the pages in an Android app, and extract the UI and code information for each page.
* **Page Semantic Summarization** : 
We fuse the extracted UI and code, and then use the chain of thought approach to guide LLMs to generate a page summary. This part of code is in `Building_PSG/LLM`.
* **PSG Construction** 
  We use static analysis to identify all inter-component communication (ICC) across all pages. The code for the static analysis and extraction process is packaged as a `jar` executable file located in `Building_PSG/statistic_analysis/ppg_sa`. Additionally, we provide the necessary scripts and usage instructions in the `Building_PSG/statistic_analysis` directory, along with the README.md file.



## Evaluating PSG

This section presents our evaluation of PSG (Page Summary Graph) construction efficiency using a selection of apps from both state-of-the-art benchmarks and real-world applications.

Detailed information about the apps used in this evaluation, including their sources, APK sizes, and download counts, is provided in the paper. The open-source data we have shared consists of the human correctness ratings for all Page Summaries successfully generated by these apps, including their precision and consistency scores.



## Utilizing PSG
### Task 1 App Description Generation
In this task, we evaluate how our proposed method can help generate effective descriptions of mobile apps for users to gain a comprehensive understanding of the app’s behaviors. 
The code and open-source dataset can be found in the `Utilizing_PSG/Task1` directory.

### Task 2 UEWare Detection
we evaluate how PSG can be used to help detecting such special type of malware.
The code and open-source dataset can be found in the `Utilizing_PSG/Task2` directory.

### Task 3 Authentication Backdoor Analysis
In this task, we aim to utilize the rich UI and code semantics captured by PSG to help detect authentication backdoors in real-world apps more efficiently.
The code and open-source dataset can be found in the `Utilizing_PSG/Task3` directory.